Close #572, ensure unique folder names and fail on errors and... (#591)
plocket/docassemble-cucumber: CHANGELOG.md

### Security
- 
-->
## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- Ensure unique folder names for random input screenshots in case developer uses multiple random steps in one Scenario.
- Ensure random input detects unexpected interview errors.

### Fixed

> - Fix failure when signature page is the first screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix failure when signature page comes right before an error screen.
```

Author: Actually, the test itself failed when the signature page was the first page. `scope.getLoadData()` didn't properly recognize a signature page as a successful load.

https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/ALKiln/pull/591/files#diff-4b632aedc4c91285de358dd7cbcc91a52724745c5c759b81b3a6d80e8d6d7abcR622

- Internal tests failing even when failure status is as expected.
- Double printing in report of scenario failure, one of them even when Scenario was possibly non-failure, like skipped.

## [4.7.0] - 2022-07-27
### Added

> - Generate random input to fill out a simple form automatically. Missing ensure unique random screenshot folder names. Missing ensure error screens are detected as errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate random input to fill out a simple form automatically. Does not yet ensure that random screenshot folder names are unique, or that error screens are detected as errors.
```
Also can't add it now, but it'd be nice to mention the first version that they are added in.

Author: Good update. Not completely convinced the version name is required since the changelog will show when those get added, but it won't do harm. I'll try to remember when I bump the version.
